that's a nice dress thank you I like
your jacket
Thanks flights on time
it is great I'm sorry what was that what
you just took a step forward there
I didn't yeah you did you know you did
and if what's funny is there's no way
you can board first because the only way
you the board first is to be a special
name do you have a special need yes I
need to be over there
and going to that destination wedding
so tell me to keep it so we're just the
people you don't know how to stick you
might as well just stick us together I
don't want to be a person you don't know
where to stick doesn't issue what is
presumptuous there in a fool's paradise
you believe there's someone for everyone
close I believe that there's nobody for
anyone
I don't understand how even after Keith
did what he did to you can possibly
still be mooning over ever because
you're a monkey who doesn't understand
the human condition having met you I
understand why it's a condition
you know I'm not wearing anything in my
pajamas why would you they're so
alluring
[Music]
what is that I think it's a mountain
lion could it be a Jaguar what
difference does it make mm-hmm the
Cougar maybe Jesus course
[Music]
how do you not install a pathway the
heels won't make it can you carry me
please what carried you got it
[Music]
you